feat(howto): document the Anbox VHAL HIDL integration into a VHAL implementation (#237)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: explanation/aaos.md

However, if a third-party VHAL implementation is loaded during Android runtime, on the Anbox Cloud Dashboard, some vehicle property values may still not be accessible while others may not be editable on the Anbox Cloud dashboard, due to [permission controls](https://source.android.com/docs/automotive/vhal/previous/properties#vehicle-props) that categorise vehicle properties as read-only, write-only, or read-write.

> In the 1.24.1 release, Anbox Cloud open-sourced the [Anbox-specific VHAL HIDL interface](https://github.com/canonical/vendor_canonical_interfaces) on GitHub. By implementing this HIDL, the VHAL implementation allows the Anbox VHAL adapter to

Reviewer: "Open-sourced" and  "on GitHub" are implementation specifics that are not needed in documentation.

```suggestion
Anbox Cloud offers an [Anbox-specific VHAL HIDL interface](https://github.com/canonical/vendor_canonical_interfaces). By implementing this HIDL, the VHAL implementation allows the Anbox VHAL adapter to
```

Author: Thanks. fixed it.
